Add content in modules/testing (#529)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/testing/advanced-checks.md

The configuration file stores the parameters that would be sent in the command line otherwise. Having a configuration file is a mandatory step for a module, as we have complex rules to write:

* Files to analyse
* Level of check to run
* PrestaShop constants to set as dynamic
* Potential errors to ignore
* If run with different versions of PS: Do not report ignored messages that aren't reported.

[Their documentation page "Config reference"](https://phpstan.org/config-reference) explains how to write this configuration file from scratch. We also provide a model having some specificities useful for a module. To setup a project with it, require the package `prestashop/php-dev-tools` and call the initialization of PHPStan:

```bash
# Install dependencies
composer require --dev prestashop/php-dev-tools

# Set up configuration files
php vendor/bin/prestashop-coding-standards phpstan:init
```

> Files will be copied in the folder `tests/phpstan/` of your module. We provide this library to setup an proper environment for a module, for instance to handle constants that are only defined when PrestaShop is installed. If only the source is downloaded in your test environment, the configuration we provide will use an extension file defining these constants for you. In the next version of this library, we expect more rules to be added to avoid false positive issues and add pertinent erros in a module context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files will be copied in the folder `tests/phpstan/` of your module. We provide this library to setup a proper environment for a module, for instance to handle constants that are only defined when PrestaShop is installed. If only the source is downloaded in your test environment, the configuration we provide will use an extension file defining these constants for you. In the next version of this library, we expect more rules to be added to avoid false positive issues and add pertinent errors in a module context.
```

### Usage

> Running PHPStan can be done in several ways, and depend on the way you installed it. But in all cases, an environment variable `_PS_ROOT_DIR_` must be set, pointing to the PrestaShop root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running PHPStan can be done in several ways, and depends on the way you installed it. But in all cases, an environment variable `_PS_ROOT_DIR_` must be set, targeting the PrestaShop root folder.
```
